---
tags:
  - "#cool_item"
  - "#magic_item"
---
The harp was created by angels of the [[True Gods]] [[Bahamut, God  of Justice and Nobility - The Platinum Dragon (LG)|Bahamut]] and [[Melora, Goddess of the Wild and Sea - The Wildmother (N)|Melora]]. They were instructed to create weapons to combat the corrupting forces invading the [[material plane]]. However, due to the divine power of the harp, the celestials who wielded this item were attacked by Akumas, and their bodies fell to the earth. For years, the harp was left in the [[material plane]], passed from assassin to assassin and from thief to thief until it was brought to a kingdom to be studied by mages, only to be lost again among the ruins after an attack. ^creationStory

After that, the harp was sold on the black market until the owl bear, a friend of Bianca, sensed the natural power of the Harp and brought it to her to protect it from the evil forces that seek to destroy it.

- ## Description:
    The Celestial Harp of [[Bahamut, God  of Justice and Nobility - The Platinum Dragon (LG)|Bahamut]] and [[Melora, Goddess of the Wild and Sea - The Wildmother (N)|Melora]] is a divine masterpiece, created by the union of the powers of the angels of [[Bahamut, God  of Justice and Nobility - The Platinum Dragon (LG)|Bahamut]], the [[True Gods|True God]] of justice and protection, and [[Melora, Goddess of the Wild and Sea - The Wildmother (N)|Melora]], the [[True Gods|True Goddess]] of nature and storms. This harp has a body carved from ebony and ivory wood, adorned with sacred symbols that radiate a brilliant celestial aura. Its strings are made of a mystical alloy of lunar silver and star threads, producing a crystalline and transcendental sound.
- ## Magical Abilities:
    1. **Arcane Attunement:** By playing the harp and spending a short period of time in meditation, a skilled user can attune themselves to the divine powers contained within the instrument. Attunement requires devotion and concentration, becoming more effective for those with an affinity for divine magic.
    2. **Creation of Dimensional Portals**: The harp has the ability to open temporary dimensional portals. By playing a specific melody, the user can summon a portal that leads to an extra-dimensional space where items can be stored safely. This storage space is like a celestial vault protected by the blessings of [[Bahamut, God  of Justice and Nobility - The Platinum Dragon (LG)|Bahamut]] and [[Melora, Goddess of the Wild and Sea - The Wildmother (N)|Melora]], where items are immune to theft, decay, or any malign interference.
    3. **Divine Aura**: The divine presence emanated by the harp irritates and disturbs malevolent forces, such as demons, devils, and other corrupted entities. The harp shines brightly when these creatures approach, alerting the user to imminent danger. This can be especially useful in adventures and battles, allowing the bearer to prepare for the arrival of powerful enemies.
    4. **Communion with [[Melora, Goddess of the Wild and Sea - The Wildmother (N)|Melora]]'s Nature**: By playing a special melody, the harp allows the user to commune with nature and temporarily become a conduit for natural forces. While in this state, the harp's bearer gains an intuitive understanding of the environment, being able to sense the presence of creatures, dangers, or unusual elements nearby. Furthermore, they can request aid from benevolent nature creatures, such as animals and elementals of earth, water, or air, which may come to the user's assistance in times of need.
    5. **[[Bahamut, God  of Justice and Nobility - The Platinum Dragon (LG)|Bahamut]]'s Imolating Fire**: The harp possesses the power of sacred fire, a divine flame that can be invoked by the user's touch. By playing a specific melody, the user can make the harp emit a powerful burst of celestial flames against their enemies. These sacred flames are particularly effective against evil creatures, dealing additional damage to demons, devils, and other entities of darkness. However, the Imolating Fire can only be invoked on limited occasions, as it requires the user's spiritual energy and can also pose a risk when used in flammable environments.
- ## Dangers and Limitations:
    - The Celestial Harp can only be played by those with an affinity for divine magic or those blessed by the gods.
    - Creating dimensional portals requires concentration and cannot be performed in the midst of combat or extremely dangerous situations.
    - The divine aura may attract malevolent creatures, so caution is essential when using the harp in hostile or unfamiliar places.
- ## History:
    Legend has it that the Celestial Harp was created in response to a great threat that arose in the world. The angels of [[Bahamut, God  of Justice and Nobility - The Platinum Dragon (LG)|Bahamut]] and the followers of [[Melora, Goddess of the Wild and Sea - The Wildmother (N)|Melora]] combined their powers to forge a sacred weapon that could protect the mortal realms from the approaching shadows. The sounds of this harp have the power to bring harmony to the world and restore the balance between good and evil. Its existence is a blessing from the gods to the heroes who face the darkness and seek justice and the protection of the innocent.
    
